1)Which article defines the Money Bill?
Ans…Article-110.
2)Who introduces a money bill?
Ans…A minister can introduce a Money Bill.
3)Where can a Money Bill be introduced?
Ans…In Lok Sabha.
4)Whose prior permission is needed to introduce the Money Bill in Lok Sabha?
Ans…The permission of the President is needed to introduce the Money Bill.
5)Whose decision is final regarding the Money Bill?
Ans…The decision of the Speaker of Lok Sabha is final regarding the Money Bill.
6)Can Rajya Sabha reject a Money Bill?
Ans…No ,Rajya Sabha can not reject a Money Bill. It can only suggest amendment in the bill.
7)What is the time given to Rajya Sabha to pass the Money Bill?
Ans…14 Days.
8)What happens if 14 days are lapsed in Rajya Sabha but the Money Bill is not passed?
Ans…After the completion of 14 days in Rajya Sabha , the Bill is regarded to be passed by Rayja Sabha and the bill is sent to the President for his assent.
9)What is the Quorum of Lok Sabha?
Ans…1/10 of the total members.
10)Where is the Bill published after it’s first reading?
Ans…Gazette of India.
11)Whose permission is needed to publish a bill in the Gazette of India?
Ans…The Presiding officer of the house where the bill is first introduced.
12)Can the Presiding officer of each house of Indian Parliament vote with regard to a bill?
Ans…The Presiding officer of the house, for example Speaker of Lok Sabha or chair man of Rajya Sabha can vote in case of  a tie.
13)By what name the vote of the presiding officer be called?
Ans…Casting Vote.
14)Which article defines the Financial Bill?
Ans…Article-117(1)	 FINANCIAL BILLS(1)
	Article-117(3) FINANCIAL BILLS(2)
15)Who takes the initiative to break the dead lock of a bill and how?
Ans…The President takes the initiative to break the dead lock as he summons the joint sitting of the both houses of Parliament.
16)Which bill becomes a dead lock?
Ans…Ordinary Bill.
17)Is it possible that an Money bill becomes a dead lock?
Ans…No. A money bill cannot become a dead lock.
18)Can the Parliament make law taking a topic from state list?
Ans…Yes. The parliament can make a law for the whole country taking a topic from the state list in two cases---i)During National Emergency    and     ii)When Rajya Sabha suggests the topic to be in the favour of the people of India.
